(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are having a sleepover
at Granny and
Grandpa Pig's house.
Grandpa, where are you going?
It's bedtime.
Don't worry, Peppa.
I'm just going into the garden
to collect slugs and snails.
-Why?
-Grandpa doesn't like
slugs and snails
because they eat his vegetables.
And the best time to find them
is at night, with this torch.
-Can George and me come, too?
Please.
-(SNORTS)
OK. Just this once.
Put your coats and boots on.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are wearing their coats and
boots over their pajamas.
You carry the bucket, Peppa,
and I'll hold the torch.
-Don't stay out too late,
Grandpa Pig.
-ALL: OK, Granny Pig.
(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLING)
We'll put all the slugs
and snails in the bucket.
Ah. One little snail.
-Two little snails.
-(GEORGE GIGGLES)
And a slug. Eugh!
Slugs are yucky.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
NARRATOR: Here are
Grandpa Pig's chickens, Sarah,
Jemima, Vanessa and Neville.
Hello, chickens.
I need to put
the chickens to bed.
Night-night, chickens.
-Night-night, chickens.
-Night-night.
Why aren't the slugs and snails
in bed, Grandpa?
Because they're up all night
eating my vegetables.
Some animals eat in the daytime,
like my chickens.
-And some animals eat
at night, like...
Oh, Mr. Fox.
Hello, Grandpa Pig. Putting your
chickens to bed, are you?
Oh, yes. Nice and cozy
in the hen-house.
Jolly good.
Well, I'll be on my way.
Good night.
ALL: Good night.
Now, as I was saying,
some animals eat at night,
like...
-(GIGGLING)
-Oh, hello.
Grandpa, there's a little animal
in your bucket.
Ha-ha! Yes, it's a hedgehog.
They like to eat
slugs and snails.
-Hello, Hedgehog.
-(SNORTS)
Oh! He's rolled into a ball.
Yes, Peppa, he's very shy.
Come out, Mr. Hedgehog,
don't be scared.
I like hedgehogs.
They are very good
-at keeping slugs and snails
off my lovely lettuce.
-(GIGGLES)
-Bye-bye, Hedgehog.
-Bye-bye.
Are there any more
night animals, Grandpa?
Yes. There are moths.
Ooh, they look like butterflies.
Butterflies that come out
at night.
They like the torchlight.
When it goes off, they leave.
When the light goes on,
they come back.
(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLE)
-Can I try?
-OK.
Bye-bye, moths.
Hello, moths.
(BOTH GIGGLE)
And if we leave the torch off,
we can see another
very tiny night animal.
Where?
Look up at the sky.
Is it a shooting star?
No. That is a firefly.
Is it on fire?
(LAUGHS) No, Peppa.
It has a tummy that glows.
Wow!
Are there any big night animals
in your garden, Grandpa?
-No.
-(RUSTLING)
-Oh! What's that?
-It's a big night animal.
GRANDPA PIG:
Ho-ho! It's Granny Pig.
-(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLING)
-There you are.
Granny! Granny!
We've been saying hello
to all the night animals.
-(SNORTS)
-Lovely. But now it's time
to say good night to them.
Good night, night animals.
(YAWNING)
And it's well past bedtime
for you little piggies.
-PEPPA PIG: Yes, Granny Pig.
-GRANDPARENTS:
Good night, little ones.
-PEPPA PIG: Good night, Granny.
Good night, Grandpa.
-GEORGE: Night-night.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are going on holiday.
They are packing their bags.
You can't pack everything.
But we need to take
all our toys, Daddy.
Ho-ho. Just take
the important ones.
OK.
I'll take Teddy and George
can take...
Dinosaur. Grr!
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig is packing
a big bag for the holiday.
Wow, that's a lot of stuff,
Mummy Pig.
Are you sure we need it all?
Yes, it's all very important.
OK.
(GROANS)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
NARRATOR: It is Suzy Sheep.
Hello, Peppa.
Do you want to play?
I can't play today, Suzy.
I'm going on holiday.
Oh. Where are you going?
I don't know. Somewhere
where there's holidays.
(BAAS) That sounds nice.
(CAR HORN BEEPS)
Oh, Granny and Grandpa.
Why are you here?
We're here for Goldie the Fish.
We're looking after her,
while you're on holiday.
-Here's Goldie.
-Don't feed her
too much, Granny.
-OK, Peppa.
-(CAR HORN HONKS)
NARRATOR: It is Mr. Bull
in his taxi.
He is taking Peppa and
her family to the airport.
Hello, Daddy Pig.
Let me take that bag for you.
Whoa. Oh, that's heavy.
Are you sure you need
everything in here?
Yes, it's all very important.
PIG FAMILY: Bye!
-GRANNY AND GRANDPA: Bye.
-SUZY: Bye-bye.
NARRATOR: This is the airport.
Goodbye! Have a lovely holiday.
-Tickets, please.
-Here they are.
Any bags?
Yes. I'm afraid this one's
a bit heavy.
Don't worry.
Just pop it on the scales.
(GRUNTS)
(CRASHES)
-Anything valuable in it?
-No.
-Any more?
-Yes.
(SNORTS)
You can take those little bags
on the plane with you.
Just join the queue over there.
NARRATOR: This is
the X-ray machine.
What's this, Daddy?
-It's a machine
that looks inside things.
-BOTH: Ooh.
Put your bags on here, please.
Look, it's my bag
with Teddy inside.
Dinosaur. Grr!
(SNORTS) That's magic.
NARRATOR: This is
the aeroplane
that will take Peppa
and her family on holiday.
Airplane! Nee-yow!
George loves aeroplanes.
Welcome aboard.
We hope you enjoy
your flight with us today.
Can I sit next to the window?
Ho-ho. Of course, Peppa.
-(SNORTS)
-Yes, George, you can sit
next to a window, too.
(GIGGLES)
This is
Captain Emergency speaking.
Is everybody ready?
ALL: Yes, Captain Emergency.
Then let's go.
ALL: Wee!
Look, Teddy, we're flying.
What can you see
out of the window, Peppa?
It's all cloudy and rainy.
Ooh. Now it's sunny.
That's because we're on top
of the clouds.
The plane is flying higher
and higher.
Oh. Are we flying
up to the sun?
No. But we are going
somewhere sunny.
♪ Flying high in a plane ♪
♪ Up above the clouds
and rain ♪
♪ Flying high, sunny sky ♪
♪ Flying high and high
and high ♪
(GIGGLES)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are flying through the sky,
on their way
to a sunny holiday.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are flying to another country
for a holiday.
We hope you have enjoyed
your flight.
Please fasten your seat belts.
This is Captain Emergency
speaking.
We are about to land in Italy.
Oh, Italy? That sounds nice.
NARRATOR: The aeroplane
has landed.
ALL: Hooray!
(LAUGHTER)
NARRATOR: Oh, dear!
Peppa has left Teddy
on the aeroplane.
Now we need a car to drive to
our holiday house.
NARRATOR: Here is the place
to borrow cars.
-Hello.
-Buongiorno.
(SPEAKS ITALIAN)
NARRATOR: In Italy,
people speak Italian.
Ooh, um, we need a car.
(REPLIES IN ITALIAN)
Let me handle this.
I'm an expert at talking.
Ahem.
We...need...a car.
-Uova.
-Not eggs.
A car.
-(MUSIC ON RADIO)
-Um, no.
Not flowers.
-No.
-Brrrm! Brrrm! (GIGGLES)
Ah, auto!
Hey-hey! Brrrm, brrrm!
Beep, beep!
-DADDY PIG: Well done, George.
-(PEPPA GIGGLES)
This bag is heavy. (GRUNTS)
(SNORTS) Are you sure
we need everything in here,
Mummy Pig?
Yes. (SNORTS)
It's all very important.
Are we going to get lost,
like we always do?
(CHUCKLES) No, Peppa.
The sat nav will tell us
the way.
-(BEEPS)
-WOMAN'S VOICE: Benvenuto.
(SPEAKS ITALIAN)
NARRATOR: In Italy,
the sat nav talks in Italian.
(SAT NAV TALKS IN ITALIAN)
Maybe we don't need
the sat nav.
Uh, let's go this way.
(STARTS ENGINE)
Remember, Daddy Pig,
this is another country.
-They may drive
differently here.
-Oh-ho!
Driving is driving, Mummy Pig.
It can't be that different.
(SNORTS)
-(HORNS HONKING)
-(DRIVER YELLS IN ITALIAN)
NARRATOR: Driving in Italy
is very different
to driving at home.
-(HORNS HONKING)
-Hello, yes, we're on holiday.
Daddy, why are they beeping
their horns at us?
I expect they're saying hello.
-Can we say hello back?
-Of course we can.
(HONKING) Hello!
-(ITALIANS HONK BACK)
-Everyone is so friendly here.
(ALL GIGGLING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
are on their way
to their holiday house.
Ah.
We're almost there.
Yes, I can feel myself
relaxing already.
Teddy! I left Teddy
on the aeroplane.
Huh? What?
We have to go back for Teddy.
-Uh...
-(SIREN WAILING)
NARRATOR: Oh, dear!
It is a policeman.
Hello, Officer.
I don't know what I was
doing wrong, but I promise
I won't do it again.
Good day. I am returning
this young bear.
He was left on the aeroplane.
-Oh. Thank you.
-Teddy!
Have a lovely holiday.
Here we are.
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
have arrived at their
holiday house.
(PEPPA AND GEORGE GIGGLING)
-(THUD)
-What have you got
in this bag, Mummy Pig?
It's all important stuff
for our holiday.
A lovely plant. Our computer.
Tinned food.
Hot-water bottles.
Some winter clothes,
in case it gets a bit chilly.
The telephone.
Let's ring Granny and Grandpa.
(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: Granny
and Grandpa Pig are looking
after Goldie the fish
while Peppa is on holiday.
Are you sure we're
feeding Goldie enough?
I'll just feed her
a pinch more.
(PHONE RINGS)
-Hello.
-Hello, Granny.
Can I speak to Goldie, please?
-It's Peppa. For you.
-(BUBBLING)
I miss you, too, Goldie.
(GIGGLES)
(BOTH YAWN)
NARRATOR:
It has been a long day.
Now it is time for bed.
Good night, my little piggies.
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are fast asleep
in their holiday house.
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: It is the first
morning of Peppa and
her family's holiday in Italy.
Ah, holiday.
Daddy Pig is up
bright and early.
I'll just go for a little walk.
-Ah!
-Good morning, Mr. Pig.
(BLEATS)
I see you have found
the swimming pool.
NARRATOR: This is Signor Goat.
It is his job to look after
the holiday house.
(GIGGLING)
Daddy fell in the water!
-It's not funny.
-It is quite funny, Daddy.
Oh-ho, I suppose
it is a bit funny.
-This is my daughter.
-Hello. I'm Gabriella Goat.
(BLEATS)
I'm Peppa Pig.
(SNORTS)
Tell us if you need
anything at all.
We'd like to do
some sight-seeing.
The village is very pretty.
(BLEATS) I will show you.
OK, I'll just change out
of these wet clothes.
-I don't look like
a tourist, do I?
-You look perfect.
-Is everybody ready?
-ALL: Yes, Daddy Pig!
-Then let's go!
-(GIGGLING)
NARRATOR: This is
Gabriella's village.
(ALL LAUGH)
Here is the shop of my aunty.
Can I send a postcard?
-Who is it for?
-A goldfish.
A goldfish? Maybe a postcard
of the sea.
Yes. Goldie The Fish
likes water.
Bongo drums, carpets?
Garden gnomes?
Who buys all this rubbish?
-Tourists.
-Oh, hello.
Bongiorno.
NARRATOR: Mummy Pig is buying
lots of things to take home.
Mummy Pig, we haven't got room
for all this in our suitcase.
Don't worry, Daddy Pig.
They sell suitcases, too.
NARRATOR: This is
the village cafe.
Ciao, Gabriella.
My uncle makes
very good pizza.
You eat pizza in Italy?
Pizza is Italian food.
Oh, goody! I like pizza.
A little bit of tomato.
A little bit of cheese.
-Into the oven and...
-Into my tummy. (GIGGLES)
-Maybe we'll let them
cook first, no?
-OK.
Peppa, let's write the postcard
to your goldfish.
Yes. I miss her very much.
To Goldie, wish you were here.
Love and kisses, Peppa.
(SNORTS)
You can post the card here.
Goodbye, postcard.
Fly home quickly.
Pizza, pizza, pizza.
- Mmm, yummy.
NARRATOR: Peppa loves pizza.
Everybody loves pizza.
(SNORTS)
Did you like that, Teddy?
(AS TEDDY)
Yes, it was delicious.
Magnifico, Uncle Goat!
There will always be
a special place for your pizza
in my tummy.
-Thank you!
-Ciao!
Goodbye!
NARRATOR: Oh, dear.
Peppa has left Teddy
behind at the cafe.
What a lovely, relaxing holiday
we're having.
-(SIREN WAILING)
-Oh, dear. It's the police.
Leave the talking to me.
Hello, Officer.
I don't know what I did,
but I won't do it again.
Mr. Pig, your teddy.
-Teddy!
-Thank you.
Just doing my job, Signore.
NARRATOR: Peppa and her family
have arrived back
at their holiday house.
-Time for bed.
-Can we ring
Goldie The Fish, Mummy?
OK.
NARRATOR: Granny
and Grandpa Pig are looking
after Goldie The Fish
while Peppa is on holiday.
I do hope
we're feeding Goldie enough.
-(PHONE RINGS)
-Hello.
Hello, Grandpa.
Is Goldie all right?
Goldie is fine.
I sent her a postcard today.
Has it arrived?
Oh-ho, not yet.
But I'm sure
it will get here soon.
(YAWNS) Night, night, Grandpa.
- GRANDPA: Night, night, Peppa.
(PEPPA AND GEORGE YAWNING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are fast asleep
in their holiday house.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)